Privacy Statement:

ABC takes privacy and data protection issues seriously. We have designed this Privacy Policy to explain how we handle personally-identifiable information collected from clients who register for services and submit information to ABC through the Internet.

As ABC’s services evolve, we may revise this policy, so please check back frequently.

Scope of this Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy covers ABC’s treatment of personally-identifiable information collected from clients (hereafter “client” or “you”) who use the ABC payment gateway services, as well as consumer information that we acquire in the course of our business. This Policy also covers the treatment of personally-identifiable information that ABC’s business partners may share with it.

This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that ABC does not own or control, or to people that ABC does not employ or manage.

Information Collection and Use

ABC collects personally-identifiable information when you register for an ABC account, and when you use certain ABC products and services. ABC may also receive personally-identifiable information from its resellers and other business partners.

When you register with ABC, we ask for your contact information (such as your name, street address, and email address), as well as certain information pertaining to your business, along with billing information such as a bank account and/or credit card number.

In the course of processing a payment transaction, we typically receive from the client or financial institution information related to the transaction. This normally includes information about the payment that a consumer has furnished the client or financial institution in placing the order. We do not acquire any information directly from consumers through the abcfinancial.com Web site.

The personally-identifiable information we acquire in processing payment transactions varies according to the nature of the transaction and the way in which clients or financial institutions are using our payment services. It may include, for example, the amount of the transaction, the consumer’s name, credit card number and expiration date, checking account number, billing address, and shipping address.

ABC uses the information collected to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to process payment transactions, to facilitate billing, and otherwise deliver the payment gateway services. We may also send clients service announcements, newsletters, and periodic notices about specials, new products and services, and products and services offered by ABC’s business partners. Personally-identifiable consumer information is used to process payment transactions and for no other purpose.

ABC does not offer services or sell products to children. ABC does not request or knowingly collect personally-identifiable contact information from anyone under the age of 13.

Information Sharing and Disclosure

Protecting personally-identifiable information about clients and consumers is an important part of our business. We share and disclose such information only as described below.

ABC sends personally-identifiable information about you to other companies or people: 1) when we have your consent to share the information; 2) when we need to share your information with third parties, such as banks and credit card processors, to provide the product or service you have requested; 3) in connection with products and services offered by ABC business partners and/or companies who work on behalf of ABC to provide a product or service to you; 4) it is appropriate to comply with law; 5) it is necessary to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of our Merchant Agreement and other applicable agreements; or 6) it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of our users, or others, which may include the exchange of information with other organizations for fraud protection and/or risk reduction.

In the event that ABC is acquired, client account information may be one of the transferred assets.

Information Security

Information security is critical to our business. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We store information gathered on secure computers located in a locked data center. The number of employees involved in the management of the data center that have physical access to these computers is limited. We use firewalls and other security technology to prevent our computers from being accessed by unauthorized persons.

We also require that any personally-identifiable consumer information sent to us by you be encrypted using SSL encryption. To learn more about SSL, visit: http://info.ssl.com/article.aspx?id=10241.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your Login ID/password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer and otherwise protect the password used to access the services of ABC.

Account Information and Preferences

ABC gives you the ability to edit your ABC account Information and preferences at any time, including whether you want ABC to contact you about specials and new products, by contacting Client Services at 888-622-6290.

Notice for non-US Users

ABC is located in the United States. Any information that you provide to ABC will be transferred out of the country in which you reside and into the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

ABC reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. If there are material changes to this statement or in how ABC will use personally-identifiable information, ABC will post notice on the ABC homepage at abcfinancial.com prior to implementing the change. The amended Terms shall automatically become effective immediately after they are posted. Your continued use of the site or ABC services after the posting of the amended Terms on the Site constitutes your affirmative: (a) acknowledgment of the terms and its modifications; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the terms, as amended.

If you have additional questions about this Policy, please contact Client Services at 888-622-6290.
